README.md, before:

# grunt-cordova

## NOTE! This version is not ready yet. It does do what it needs to - kind of - but it is missing configuration and documentation.

> Build application packages with Cordova.

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.1`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-cordova --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-cordova');
```

## The "cordova" task

### Overview
In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `cordova` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  cordova: {
    options: {
      // Task-specific options go here.
    },
    your_target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    },
  },
})
```

### Options

#### options.path
Type: `String`
Default value: `'.cordova'`

Path where the git/ and build/ directories will be created. They contain the git checkouts of different Cordova versions and
the actual projects - respectively.

#### options.package
Type: `String`
Default value: `'com.example'`

The application package path used in the build.

### Usage Examples

#### Default Options
In this example, the default options are used to do something with whatever. So if the `testing` file has the content `Testing` and the `123` file had the content `1 2 3`, the generated result would be `Testing, 1 2 3.`

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  cordova: {
    options: {},
    files: {
      'dest/default_options': ['src/testing', 'src/123'],
    },
  },
})
```

#### Custom Options
In this example, custom options are used to do something else with whatever else. So if the `testing` file has the content `Testing` and the `123` file had the content `1 2 3`, the generated result in this case would be `Testing: 1 2 3 !!!`

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  cordova: {
    options: {
      separator: ': ',
      punctuation: ' !!!',
    },
    files: {
      'dest/default_options': ['src/testing', 'src/123'],
    },
  },
})
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

## Release History
_(Nothing yet)_

Commit message:

Added a note about android tools on the path.

README.md, after:

# grunt-cordova

## NOTE! This version is not ready yet. It does do what it needs to - kind of - but it is missing configuration and documentation.

> Build application packages with Cordova.

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.1`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-cordova --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-cordova');
```

You also need to have the android command line utilities on your path. Try 'adb' on the command-line to see if it works. If it doesn't,
search the internet for now.

## The "cordova" task

### Overview
In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `cordova` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  cordova: {
    options: {
      // Task-specific options go here.
    },
    your_target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    },
  },
})
```

### Options

#### options.path
Type: `String`
Default value: `'.cordova'`

Path where the git/ and build/ directories will be created. They contain the git checkouts of different Cordova versions and
the actual projects - respectively.

#### options.package
Type: `String`
Default value: `'com.example'`

The application package path used in the build.

### Usage Examples

#### Default Options
In this example, the default options are used to do something with whatever. So if the `testing` file has the content `Testing` and the `123` file had the content `1 2 3`, the generated result would be `Testing, 1 2 3.`

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  cordova: {
    options: {},
    files: {
      'dest/default_options': ['src/testing', 'src/123'],
    },
  },
})
```

#### Custom Options
In this example, custom options are used to do something else with whatever else. So if the `testing` file has the content `Testing` and the `123` file had the content `1 2 3`, the generated result in this case would be `Testing: 1 2 3 !!!`

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  cordova: {
    options: {
      separator: ': ',
      punctuation: ' !!!',
    },
    files: {
      'dest/default_options': ['src/testing', 'src/123'],
    },
  },
})
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

## Release History
_(Nothing yet)_
